Doc/pgd/fix/badcodeblocks in limitations (#4790)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/limitations.mdx

CAMO. You can configure this option globally or in the PGD node group. See
[Transaction streaming configuration](../transaction-streaming#configuration).

> -   Not all DDL can run when CAMO is used. If unsupported DDL is used a warning is logged and the transactions commit scope is set to local only. The only supported DDL operations are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Not all DDL can run when you use CAMO. If you use unsupported DDL, a warning is logged and the transactions commit scope is set to local only. The only supported DDL operations are:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Not all DDL can run when CAMO is used. If unsupported DDL is used a warning is logged and the transactions commit scope is set to local. The only supported DDL operations are:
```
Only is either misplaced (it should go before what it is modifying) or possibly unnecessary.

    - non-concurrent `CREATE INDEX`
    - non-concurrent `DROP INDEX`
    - non-concurrent `REINDEX` of an individual table or index
    - `CLUSTER` (of a single relation or index only)
    - `ANALYZE`
    - `TRUNCATE`

## Group Commit

[Group Commit](durability/group-commit) is a feature which enables configurable synchronous commits over 
nodes in a group. If you use this feature, take the following limitations into account:

> -   Not all DDL can run when Group Commit is used. If unsupported DDL is used a warning is logged and the transactions commit scope is set to local only. The only supported DDL operations are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Not all DDL can run when you use Group Commit. If you use unsupported DDL, a warning is logged and the transactions commit scope is set to local. The only supported DDL operations are:
```
